1.Write the html page to define the outcome of the courses using definition list 					28-01-2026
2. create an html web page to insert the Indian map and when a particular state is- clicked it should be redirected to that state govt.(image map for any 4 states)
															
															                                        29-01-2026
3.write an html page to repeat your +2 mark sheet ✔️
4. what are the  other attribute of table tag✔️
5. Write a web page o display your  class timetable✔️
																									11-02-2026
FRAMES
1.what is the difference btw division tag and frame tag?
2.what is the difference btw frame tag and iframe tag ?
3. when the ratio values of frames is greater than 100 how it will be handeled ?
4. how to fix the size of the frames based on the size of another frame ?

LAB  PRACTICE QUESTIONS.

1. divide a webpage into three frmes the first frame consists of contact details,
admistrative details of an unoversity  . the second colum is going to descibe about the university. the thrid frame is going disccus about the upcoming events in the university
and the ratio of frames is 25 X 50 X 25.

apply now
visit

Date:18-02-2026


1. create a wbpage for a job portal  which includes job descripttion,
salary location details in table form. tables background colour is green , font is xyz, fontsize
size shoulds 25 px , font color in white ,
company contact details in seprate division in color red,right aligned,background is yellow

Date:26-02-2026

CSS-Background prperties:
background-color
Background - image
Background - position
Background - repeat
Background - attachment

1. Apply different colors for different tag divisions

2. Design a webPage for department , the header having a bacckground of x color and logo is placed at right top corner and the background image is a universities bulding which is fixed and not repeated,having the contact information in a text area which has a background color X which is furtherly placed at bottom left of the webpage.

3. design a text holding(a welcome text) whose border is of 4 different colours ,

bottom:red and solid lines pad:5px;
top: blue and dotted linespad:5px;
left:green and dashed lines pad:10;
right: yellow and double lines pad:15px.


Date : 02-03-2026
You are working as a web developer in the IT team of a university that has recently launched a startup incubation center called “GreenTech Innovation Hub.” 
The management has asked you to design a professional and visually appealing single-page website to introduce the center’s vision, services, and contact details to students and industry partners. 
Create an HTML5 web page structured with appropriate sections such as header, navigation menu, about, services, and contact information. All visual styling must be implemented using an external CSS file named style.css.
 The design should demonstrate effective use of CSS background properties (color, image, or gradient), various border styles (solid, dashed, double, with border-radius), and text formatting features (font-family, font-size, font-weight, text alignment, text-transform, and letter spacing). Ensure proper use of class and id selectors, padding, and margins for layout clarity. Inline CSS and internal <style> tags are strictly not allowed.
  The final output should be neat, responsive using basic CSS

																				Date : 25-03-2026




SCRIPTS

1) What are te other scripting languages avialble ? 
2) What is the difference between CLient-side scripting and sever-side scripting ?
3) what is the advantages of the scripting languages ?
4) How the scripting lan are excuted?


5) What does static and dynamic Web Page Mean ?

-Java script merits 
- js can be placed in <head> or body or external file .

<script language="javaScript" type="text/javascript">


6) Differntiate btw inner html and inner text, What is the use of inner HTML?


																				Date : 08-04-2026

javascript Dataypes:

-numbers    ----> let  a = 5
-Strings    ----> let a="String"
-Boolean    ----> let a = 


1)what is advantage of untyped language 

2)incase of an array how an element can be acssed using address in an untyped language ?

Scope of a variable :

3) if local variable and global variable names are same how they can be acssed inside a function so which variable will be taking precedence ??
4) if i want to print the golabl variable how to do that ?

document.write("<table>")
document.write("<th><th>
		<td><td>
		<tr><tr>")

5) create a webpage which takes 2 input integers using a textbox and having four buttons to perfom the basic arthemetic functions(+,-,*,/)
























